and hi I'm Carl spring the weatherman
here at co-ed Buick GMC painting a good
truck for under seven grand 4x4 got one
here for you this is our 2000 ford f150
4x4 this is an XLT sport version for but
for a nice rig again
2000 ford f150 regular cab short bed 4x4
want to tow something you got it
figure out the back here spring in bent
liner
you know spray in bedliner is just so
much nicer than those hard ones can you
can walk around in these things not fall
down very nice
get a nice tonneau cover on here too
let's go around the front under the hood
here f-150 XLT a nice rocker look at
that
good tires big truck six-cylinder 4.2
there's all these six
one's good run smooth design just a long
long time you're looking rig talks on
the front foglamps down here the bug
shield it's a 2000 x LT sport edition
got bucket seats although if you want to
see three in the front you can do that
to seat one two three alright or you can
bring this down bring this down and have
some storage here also well it does come
down so you can put three in the front
or bring this down
trust me comes down it really does come
down five-speed manuals overdrive here
you got the 4x4 right down there
cassette am/fm radio cruise control okay
leather wrap steering wheel nice Rick
appear you have compass and thermometer
right there 144 thousand miles for lovin
your old rig that's not bad
sorry about 14,000 miles a year that's
pretty decent so nice truck it's in good
shape
cloth seats very comfortable electric
locks mirrors windows good-looking rig
so we need a good truck
good 4x4 under 7 grand this is it for
you our 2000 ford f-150 XLT again I'm
Carl spring the weatherman here at
Kohler cheb Buick GMC names down here
numbers is up here give me a call we'll
go for test drive this truck could be
yours